[Music]
a musician
casey affleck lives with his wife in a
small house
in dallas texas they lead a happy life
together
and are looking for a new home and
planning their move
she tells him that before she moves away
from a place
she likes to hide a note for herself
there in case
she ever returns they occasionally hear
strange noises
in the house one night they hear a loud
bang in their living room
which contains a piano which came with
the house
they cannot find the source of the noise
the next morning the husband is killed
in a car accident in front of their
house
at the hospital his wife views his body
before covering it with a sheet
the man awakens as a ghost still covered
in the sheet
and wanders through the hospital
invisible to others
a door of light opens before him but he
makes no attempt to approach it
and it closes he walks home and watches
his wife grieve
through the window he sees another
sheet-covered ghost
inside the house next door the two
ghosts wave to one another
one night the wife arrives home with a
man whom she
kisses the ghost hurls books from the
shelf and turns lights on and off
the wife later listens to a song written
by her husband
she eventually decides to move out
before she
leaves she writes a short note and hides
it in a gap in a wall
the ghost picks at the gap but cannot
retrieve the note
a family moves into the house the ghost
watches them eat dinner
play the piano and celebrate christmas
he becomes more and more agitated and
the children
sense and become upset by his presence
one night the ghost gets upset after
seeing a framed photo of the happy
family on the piano and knocks it down
then starts hurling plates and glasses
from the kitchen cabinet in anger
the family moves away the second ghost
continues to wait next door at a party
thrown by the next
occupants a hipster explains the premise
of the film
positing that remnants of the past such
as beethoven's symphonies
will linger in the collective human
memory long past the collapse of
civilization
the man then describes the big crunch
theory
which concludes that the entire universe
will eventually collapse back
into a singularity the partygoers notice
the lights flickering
the house is eventually abandoned and
becomes derelict
the ghost finally manages to slide the
note out of the wall
but just as he does bulldozers level the
house
along with the house next door as they
look at each other atop the rubble of
their former homes
the second ghost realizes and remarks
they're not coming back and suddenly
vanishes from under its
sheet which crumples to the ground
the man's ghost watches as a skyscraper
is built where his house stood
he walks through the building under
construction
which is eventually completed as an
office building
he then goes out onto the roof seeing a
futuristic cityscape
the ghost jumps from the ledge and falls
the ghost is then standing in an empty
field
where a family of settlers is staking
out a claim on which to build a house
he watches the family's young daughter
who is humming the song he wrote
she writes a note and hides it under a
rock
this settler family is then shown dead
after an attack
and the ghost watches as the daughter's
corpse decays and the field grows over
it
finally the ghost is inside the house
again
watching as his living self and his wife
see it for the first time
he asks the realtor about the piano
which she says has
always been here as he watches the
couple
he sees tension in the marriage and the
husband is resisting the idea of moving
out
the night before his death he tells his
wife that he is ready to move
the ghost sits at the piano and strikes
the keys
causing the noise that startled them at
the beginning
later as the wife moves out the ghost
sees his earlier self
now a ghost also but unaware of the
other's presence
watching her leave he goes to retrieve
the note from the wall as before
and this time manages to reach it
upon opening and reading the note the
ghost's sheet crumples and he vanishes
movie ends in that scene please like
share and subscribe